Ctalk Demonstration Programs

hello.c    The Ctalk version of, "Hello, world!"

cgi 	   This subdirectory contains some useful CGI utilities
	   that demonstrate how to write programs that work with
	   the Apache Web server.

chaser.c   Displays side scrolling banners in text terminals.
           Chaser can use the contents of files as the message
           text, and you can update the banner text without
	   restarting the program.

ctecho.c   Similar to UNIX echo, with extra features.

ctpath.c   With a path name as the argument, splits
           the path into separate directory names,
           one per line.  Does not handle shell 
           expansions like ~user or ~/user, or 
           . and .. directory links.

ctrep.c    A simple pattern-replacement text filter.

ctwc.c     A filter similar to the UNIX wc command.  Counts
           the characters, words, and lines in the file given
           as its argument or standard input.  

glut 	   This subdirectory contains apps that use the GLUT
     	   toolkit with Ctalk and OpenGL to write 3-d graphics
	   programs. The file glut/README contains information
	   about using the OpenGL libraries on various
	   platforms.

glx        Contains programs that draw 3D graphics in a X
	   window using the GLXCanvasPane class.

ipc 	   Programs in this subdirectory demonstrate some
	   of the things Ctalk can do with multiple processes
	   and interprocess communication.

net 	   This subdirectory contains TCPIP client and
	   server programs, as well as some address resolution
	   programs, which demonstrate the capabilities of
	   the TCPIPNetworkStream and TCPIPV6NetworkStream
	   classes and their subclasses.

lclock.c   A digital, text-mode clock for your terminal.

mdt.c      A program equivalent to "mkdir -p" which creates
           a directory and its parent directories if 
           necessary.

mdt2.c     Similar to mdt.c, but the program uses a loop instead
           of an inline method to create subdirectories.

win32      The programs in the win32 subdirectory provide examples
  	   of apps that you can build with DJGPP on Win32 platforms.
	   These programs are mostly unsupported now, but they're
	   still included as examples of a few of Win32's unique
	   features, and in case you find them useful.

x11        This directory contains demo programs that use basic
	   Xlib functions.

xft 	   The xft directory contains X Window System programs
	   that demonstrate how to write apps that use the
	   X Render extension and the Xft outline font library,
	   and the other libraries that they depend on.  The
	   machine must have these libraries installed in order to
	   build and run these demos, although in many cases the
	   programs work with the Xlib drawing routines also,
	   although they display graphics in a more limited
	   (that is, jagged, mostly) manner.

Bug Reports, Feedback, and Support

Please contact the Ctalk authors at: rk3314042@gmail.com,
or visit the Ctalk Web site: http://sf.net/projects/ctalk/.

